[Music]
you know people are fascinating it seems
like we can't tolerate any boundaries we
love to push the limit somehow this
striving for the extraordinary makes a
few of us look for records to breath but
some world records seem to be I don't
know
unbeatable some are just impossible to
surpass while others you wouldn't even
want a challenge as they're simply too
weird number one
not gone with the wind here's the kind
of record that you wouldn't wish for
anyone to try and beat it happened on
March 12 2006 in Fordland Missouri when
an f2 rated tornado blew away a trailer
house of 19 year old Matt Souter yet the
record wasn't set there but 1307 feet
away when Matt found himself almost
absolutely unharmed a few minutes later
after he lost consciousness from the
initial impact of the twister this is
the longest distance a person was ever
carried away by a tornado and survived
and I would really be glad if that
record wasn't beaten anytime soon -
turbo kart racer a racer with an
unbeatable Need for Speed in a sports
car or f1 is one thing but there aren't
many Daredevils out there who would try
to beat a record Tom Bagnall set on his
jet propelled go-kart in 2018 the
British engineer sped up to 112 miles
per hour in a small car that is in no
way suited for such speed of course his
vehicle was heavily modified but trying
to go faster in a go-kart would be too
dangerous
I think this record deserves to rest for
a reasonable while number 3 959 ways to
fail your driving test
and here is one from a person that
definitely shouldn't try to participate
in driving contests sha Sassoon a 69
year old woman from South Korea became a
local celebrity and a symbol of
perseverance all she did was pass a
driving test on her 960 a--the try
grandma sha says soon as people call her
set the truly unbeatable record as no
one would ever spend three years on
failing attempts at something like that
now personally I think instructors of
her driving schools deserve their own
separate recognition for this record
because they never rejected sha sha tsui
and were consistent in helping her out
so what exactly did grandma stink at
parallel parking for catch a tsunami as
I said some records are better left
alone at least it would be great if no
one would have to fight with an 80 foot
high wave with nothing at their side but
a surfboard this is what Rodrigo Koza a
Brazilian surfer did in November of 2018
in Nasser a porch ago a giant wave twice
taller than a telephone pole almost
caught him off guard but he states that
he remembered the voice he heard in a
dream he had the previous night which
told him to go straight down he did it
just in time to save his life and to
become a record holder number five
record setter for life okay no fancy
introduction to this one most clothes
pegs clipped to a person's face in a
minute fifty-one little Clippy thanks
just why Sylvio Sabha from Italy is also
a master of stacking dice building
towers from paper towel rolls and
holding unimaginable quantities of eggs
and pool balls in one hand he lives for
breaking records and it doesn't matter
how weird they can be and let's face it
he is good at that and now holding over
a hundred of strange little Guinness
records to his name hey what if you two
could break some record in your spare
time tell me what you would do in the
comment section
[Music]
number six the most patient cat I'll bet
if Silvio had a reliable friend to his
side he would beat this record too but
the record for the most dice stacked on
a cat's paw belongs to LC Sue and his
loyal cat bebe from Malaysia and was set
on June 18th 2017 I don't think anyone
would be able to stack more than ten
dice on a cat's paw any time soon
because there are simply not enough cats
as patient as bebe in the world
[Music]
number seven the power of preaching what
do you think a priest could do in his
spare time for a Canadian pastor of st.
Paul's Lutheran Church
Kevin fast it's tugging enormous
vehicles using nothing more than the
power of his own muscles he is one of
the strongest men on earth nine absolute
records for power lifting one of them
includes pulling a 189 tonne airplane
428 feet straight even now in the fifth
decade of his life he doesn't want to
stop and dreams of a day when he will
have the chance to pull a space shuttle
hmm doesn't say here how many people he
pulls into his Sunday service number
eight full ears of fear because some
people are just gifted like that and
their records can't be beaten and here's
one obvious example Ron accont bajpai
the man with the longest ear hairs yes
that's what I said now I hear you
giggling imagine how many times Roddick
OTT heard people around him giggling
when he first decided to grow ear hair
for the record according to him he used
to tell people around him that his hair
would one day become a great achievement
and he was right in 2010 he became the
owner of a five and a quarter inch long
ear hair and the absolute world record
for that Betts something all right
9 lifelong hiccups unfortunately it
doesn't always feel good to be a record
holder Charles Osborne learned it the
hard way since he was a man who had
hiccups for 68 years straight and
without any relief his hiccups started
in 1922 when he was 29 years old his
hiccups were also quite frequent 40
times per minute and were only reduced
when he was lucky enough to fall asleep
although he still hiccup 20 times a
minute not ineligible but certainly
unbeatable record number 10 going beyond
human some people just won't give up
even if no oddities were
naturally given to them Ralph Buckholtz
started adding body modifications when
he was only a kid with small tattoos and
piercings now he is 59 years old and has
a whopping 516 body modifications total
and he doesn't want to stop there even
though he has literal horns all over his
body and is covered with metal like they
say just be yourself
number 11 the master of mouse and
keyboard speedrunning is a race against
time to finish a game or a single level
faster than anyone else
Adam Hagley is one of the best doom
players the game that gave new life to
speedrunning in 1998 he became the one
to fully go through level called Phobos
anomaly on the highest difficulty
without any hacks or glitches you it
took him only one minute in 10 seconds
every other speedrun record has been
beaten numerous times but this one holds
on to this very day
[Music]
12 the punch of excellence throughout
the history of traditional sports there
was never a boxer who would have beaten
legendary American boxer Archie Moore in
a number of knockouts he was able to do
131 Kos in his career no one else was
able to get even close to such a number
no wonder Moore was rated as the third
greatest pound-for-pound boxer of all
time after his career ended he was
training Muhammad Ali himself and who
knows maybe this absolute legend of
boxing is also partly to his credit 13
the unbeatable fighter over 100 ko
sounds menacing yet knockout is not the
point of boxing
a true master wins by any means and
Rocky Marciano is just one such master
he is the sixth greatest heavyweight
boxer of all time and the only boxer in
history who wasn't ever defeated he
fought 49 times and won them all with 43
knockouts and guess who was a prototype
for the famous Rocky Balboa yes it's
this guy and it seems like in real life
he was even tougher 14 the true game
changer one more on sports that can't be
left out on November 24th 1960 the
famous basketball player Wilt
Chamberlain did the impossible
fifty-five rebounds in a single game his
Philadelphia warriors versus the Boston
Celtics the mind-blowing thing about
this record is the irony of it since
then no one else was able to do even 37
rebounds in one game so they didn't even
come close but that time will steam
couldn't win the game even though Wilk
alone made 42 goal attempts throughout
his career Wilt Chamberlain did a total
of 20 2924 rebounds and was considered
an unbeatable counterpart on a court
oops
time to go hey if you learned something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
click to the left or the right I don't
care and just remember stay on the
bright side of life